# Adaptive-Time-Series-Learning

This repository contains code that I originally wrote in https://github.com/parleyyang/OPRG1. For the purposes of seperating it out from things I didn't write and
since that other repository contains other less relevant things, this repository contains my code base for implementing Adaptive Time Series Learning algorithms.

The code was written for this publication https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.11156.pdf, and closely matches the methodology you'll find outlined there. The method is a time series statistical learning algorithm, called Adaptive Learning, that is capable of handling model selection, out-of-sample forecasting and interpretation in a noisy environment such as a macroeconomic or financial time series. The method designed to get around problems such as regime-switching and time-varying distributions that are commonly faced in time series data. This code covers two main algorithm types - Dynamic Model Selection (DMS) and Ensembling. Dynamic Model Selection is a form of Adaptive Learning that provides a single choice for the forecasting model from the set of candidate models. Ensemble Adaptive Learning is a way of ensembling the candidate model forecasts, while also accounting for model quality through the core statistical learning algorithm.

The method also offers interpretability on variable importance and underlying model selection, making it a "white-box" machine learning method, as opposed to black-box neural networks, etc. This opens up a suite of cool interpretability applications, from general indications of variable importance to time-varying interpretations and case studies of important events.
